this is hard so we want to start simple.

ideas:
	- value around resuming automating with secure box, so we don't change the pattern without agreeing to
	- many of us really need to support ecology and nature values
	- making EEG work again. plugging phone into faster computer could help.
	- supporting my personal willpower i.e. when i try to hard to do something internally
	- making ongoing logging happen, big goal
	- organizing room
	- meeting obligations
	- having a regular schedule
	- lots more.
plan:
	- property-based deciding with very-slow and accelerate-gently (increase increasingness very gently)
		[note: stimulate stopping less for this]
		[there is a space where this improves. memories and multitasking are helpful attributes.]
	- maybe: one or more easier things to establish the reinforcing behavior
		ideas include: this repository, existing shower pattern, simple-schedule
		basically: _existing goals_, especially with return for other goals. this may have other benefits too.
norms:
	- keep changes between uploads under 100KoB [there is also a way to not use pack files with alternates and have each file be under 100KoB]
	- log brainwaves when doing task
	- how about this:
		- break into chanting/repeating
			- we want to feel okay around chanting and repeating before starting doing
			audiologs could help
			so: words used, # repetitions, and duration.  and frequency.
		- and doing
			- find the threshold of repetitions, duration, etc, for doing to succeed.

2022-09-10 top messages moved down
I have a timing concern.
I seem to mostly work with timescales that are too short.
	try seting up a loop to return to the task
		this helped.
we'll want a goal to add after setting it up: how about deciding based on reasons and properties [VERY SMALL, JUST TALK NO ACTION YET]
	that wants a pair, so how about setting a schedule to resume this, and then doing an existing goal


first we'll need a goal of setting up how to do it

2022-09-11 1604 ET
	I have question, as indicated.
		Express question?
	When, in group, do we do things? What kinds of things are done? How do they get done?
		Looking for help with that, really, still setting up.
	I like _doing_ stuff. Could we put more time into doing?
		I think so! Ummm what co you think might change?
	What if we were to do a repeating that was kind of fast during a doing? (maybe it could even change length?)
		This sounds like something we could do!

	     I believe we want a specific task that we just keep engaging quickly. Not waiting-an-hour.
	     We could say a phrase for it, or go to its place.

    	  How hard a task do we want? Does anybody know?

				Maybe we could make a task easy if we um ... didn't do it much? just kind of gently stayed near?
	  Some of us are interested. We're not all sure.


2022-09-10 0745 ET
	thinking of hypnotic-ish-chanting-ish
	basically this relates _communication_ to _action_ in a basic and simple way.
	this probably has to do with the importance of communication prior to action in our evolutionary history and
	instinctive wisdom. ['establishing trust': this is more trustworthy than direct physical forcing]

2022-09-10 0649 ET
even though phase 1 is "for demo" we'll want to pick good behaviors with significant impact on our goals or life.
	for example, how the wim hof thing does all of shower (for hygiene and normal world) outdoors (for lifestyle prefrence) and practicing-doing-stuff (for de-/re- programming skills). it doesn't have to be that multipronged, but we want to go better than random, maybe at least two steps better than random.
	what task would be better than this? have i done that at least twice?

	sometimes we compare things based on "properties" which work when dissociated.
	we'll likely form a goal aroudn manipulating a property list, as a harder task needing a lot of slowness
		ok i'm feeling that out, let's start withj an easier task to establish as a fallback, and try to
		keep them separate
	ok i guess :(
		ok let's do them side by side
	we need [todo-list/executive-functioning/deciding-things-based-on-reasons] to grow steadily. not with reducing.
	ideally with _increasing_. how about start very slow, and steady increase? i think we'll agree to that.
good talk good talk.
